Corrections to the "Key Management" documentation page. (#711)
NLnetLabs/cascade: doc/manual/source/key-management.rst

   :ref:`disable (part of) this functionality <automation-control>`. 

To check the signatures in the zone, the key manager will issue an AXFR

> request to the primary nameserver listed in the SOA record of the zone to

Reviewer: @jpmens: Did you mean to say "or" here?
```suggestion
request to the primary nameserver listed in the SOA record of the zone or to
```

> a configurable nameserver with configurable TSIG keys for authentication.

Reviewer: Perhaps this would be better?
```suggestion
request to the primary nameserver listed in the SOA record of the zone, or
if configured to a set of one or more nameservers specified in policy along with optional TSIG keys for authentication.
```

Author: github doesn't permit me to apply this suggestion of  yours ... 
I think it's done

Reviewer: Ah, that's because it conflicts with the first suggestion I made which you accepted. I think we can just accept the change to use "or" that you accepted, the additional information is documented elsewhere such as with the policy field `publication-nameservers`.
